There once was a girl with really long hair. She lived in a tower far, far away. 

Sadly 'live' was only a cruel euphemism of her captors. The tower functioned as her prison--but to call it such would offend the sensibilities of even the most calloused warden. One of the few dwarves to truly fathom just how long the girl's hair really was, was the newly appointed prime minister of the eastern dwarven republic. Unwilling to allow such an incomprehensible quantity of hair to remain in enemy hands, the prime minister took immediate action.

nobody know her thought, nobody wants to know her, she just keep her secret in side her mind.

One day, as she looked out her window from the top of the tower, she heard a rustling
in the trees. The rustling was by no means small, but large. As she looked over the
treeline, she could she entire groups of trees being pushed back and forth as whatever
it was moved closer. She waited a long time for someone to come along to visit her. She
watched eagerly and intently at the rustling trees, coming closer and closer to tower.
Then, out of the treeling came a suprising sight. Her very first guests in years was some
sort of giant made out our bark being ridden by two smaller children. The two children
looked up at the girl, followed by the giant who took its time to move its head up. "No,
not this tower. I meant to other one." said one of the two children. After a coniderable
pause, the giant reponded "Oh, sorry" And slowly began walking back into the forest away
from the girl's tower.

"WAIT," the girl cried out, "come back!"
The children looked back and got the giant to turn around, curious about what was making 
her so desperate.
"What's wrong?" one of the children asked her.
"Where are you going?" The girl quickly responded. She wasn't going to let this chance
to leave this place slip right through her fingers. She didn't even know the exact amount
of years it had been since her last conversation with other people. Hopefully, this wouldn't
be the last.
"Just going to visit our friend." The children looked back, clearly getting antsy and wanting
to leave soon. "But we don't know where her tower is." One of the children pulled out a picture
of a tower. It looked familiar... The girl gasped and ran to her bookshelf, pulling out a book.
"Is that this?" The girl pointed to a large illustration on one of the pages. 
The children's eyes widened. "Do you know where that is??"
"Yup!" It was partially a lie. She knew the general area from the map given in the book,
but she didn't know how hard it would be to find a large tower from it. After all, she had
never stepped foot outside the tower since she was a child.
The children had the giant step forward and hold out his hand. The girl hesitated briefly,
and carefully stepped out of the tower. The giant slowly brought his hand to his shoulder so
she could sit near the children.
And so, the girl was set for a new era of her life. As the giant walked farther away from her
home up until a minute ago, she felt a bit melancholy. She shook her head. It was for the better.
This is what she had dreamed of since she was a little girl. Thus, she turned back around, and 
stared forward as the tower became smaller and smaller, and eventually was nowhere to be seen.
